a while back I asked you guys to send me
the version codes on the back of your
North American ocarina of time
cartridges and the interest of finding
out what the odds of getting a certain
version of the game in each cartridge
style is and to discover if any of these
version car combinations are hard to
find if you hadn't already guessed carps
with just two numbers on the back our
version 1.02 numbers followed by a
capital A means version 1.1 and two
numbers followed by a capital B means
version 1.2 I've received a total of 191
submissions and the results are in for a
long time it's been widely accepted that
gold carts are 1.0 regular gray carts
are 1.1 but that someone point knows
exists but are very rare and that
player's choice cards are 1.2 let's see
if that holds true here let's start with
the gold carts which I received 62 codes
for 61 of them were 1.0 only one of them
was 1.1 and none of them were 1.2 this
loan 1.1 belongs to a friend of mine at
Zelda speedruns comm who says he got the
cart through a Nintendo Power
subscription renewal offer in November
or December of 1998 there's a picture in
the description proving it's legit
next are the regular grey carts which I
received 116 codes for it being the most
widespread card of the game 14% of them
were 1.0 53% of them were 1.1 and 39
percent of them were 1.2 this was pretty
surprising for me while most are 1.1 the
1.2 s don't feel too far behind a number
at all the 1.0 make up the smallest
margin but I wouldn't exactly call them
rare more like uncommon and finally
let's look at the player's choice carts
for which I only got 13 codes these are
not uncommon games so it must be that
people actively avoid buying them which
is understandable why buy a late release
million-seller version of the game when
you could own the original grey cart for
the same price these came out as all 1.2
I do believe all the players choices
were 1.2 since they were the last
production of
the game in the year 2000 and it's now
proven that the 1.2 is were being
shipped out prior to the player's choice
carts in the regular gray carts already
and that about sums it up if you're
looking for a truly rare copy of ocarina
of time you're best off hunting down one
of the not free sell chaos cards or the
1.1 gold card which seems to have been
an optional bonus alongside a Nintendo
Power subscription renewal in late 1998